---Introduction---
Excellent book
Stephen Bruce Sontz - Principal Bundles: The Classical Case

One important application of connections is to gauge theory
	Yang-Mills theory
	Maxwell's equations
	Dirac monopole
	Instantons

Higher analogues
	Gerbe theory (can be viewed as sheaves of groupoids or through an iterative procedure)
	Deligne cohomology (interesting mix of topological and analytic obstruction theory)

Ehresmann connections (smooth fiber bundles)
	Principal connections (principal bundles)
	Linear/Koszul connections (holomorphic/smooth vector bundles)
		Levi-Civita connections (tangent bundles of Riemannian manifolds)

Common approaches to connections
	Parallel transport
	Covariant derivatives
	Distributions of horizontal subspaces
	Characteristic classes
---

---Linear systems of ODEs---
This is where we see a connection presented as the de Rham differential d plus some matrix of 1-forms
Slogan: Flat sections of a connection correspond to solutions of an IVP.
Curvature (square of connection) is obstruction to solving the system
	Being able to solve for given ANY initial conditions is equivalent to vanishing of the curvature

Beautiful and clear exposition on the statement and significance of the Frobenius integrability theorem (especially in relation to the Riemann-Hilbert correspondence)
---

---Parallel transport---
Let X be some kind of (geometric) space.
Let E be some kind of bundle living over X.
To paths in X we may associate morphisms of fibers of E (at the endpoints of a given path).
As a general principle, asking for these morphisms to
	respect underlying structure;
	be smooth (in some sense); and
	be functorial (w.r.t. path concatenation)
is equivalent to asking for a connection!

This perspective is really interesting if we think of principal G-bundles over X as functors from X to the classifying space BG.
We get that the data of a principal G-bundle over X equipped with a connection is equivalent to the data of a functor from P_1(X) to BG.
	P_1(X) is the path groupoid of X with objects points of X and morphisms "thin homotopy classes of paths with sitting instants."
---

---Chern-Weil theory---
Some motivation:
	X closed smooth manifold
	Euler char. of X = Euler class of tangent bundle TX evaluated on the fundamental class
	Basically a consequence of Gauss-Bonnet-Chern theorem (admits vast generalization: arXiv.math/0702162 [math.DG])
	One omni-present topic that comes in here is the Atiyah-Singer index theorem

Beautiful story relating curvature (hence connections) with Chern classes, showing that Chern classes can be seen as measuring obstructions to the existence of global connections for holomorphic vector bundles
---