Spectral spaces and their topological theory
Coherent topos
Adic perverse sheaves

(\phi,\Gamma)-modules
isocrystals

etale cohomology --> Berthelot's rigid cohomology
lisse sheaves --> overconvergent F-isocrystals
constructible sheaves --> arithmetic D-modules

https://www-fourier.ujf-grenoble.fr/~pulitaa/Imperial-Conference/slides/Kedlaya-slides.pdf

Colmez: p-adic Langlands for GL_2(Q_p)

Arithmetic intersection theory on Shimura varieties
	https://aimath.org/workshops/upcoming/intersectshimura/
	https://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.6378.pdf
	Arithmetic Fundamental Lemma
	Arithmetic of K3 Surfaces

Fix understanding of rigid analytic geometry
	You can't approach discs as naively as you have here
Use Drinfeld's dictionary to explicitly describe some Drinfeld modules
Spa
Spm
Spf
Spec
Zariski-Riemann space

For compactifying spaces of shtukas, it's common to consider reflexive or torsion-free sheaves as "degenerations" of vector bundles
	What about general coherent sheaves (perhaps generically of some fixed rank)?
	The version of a shtuka we are considering in Drinfeld's theorem is "Iwahori-style" because we are requiring the existence of a "full flag" of subbundles

affinoid
totally disconnected
strictly totally disconnected

etale
pro-etale
quasi-pro-etale

diamond
perfectoid space
sousperfectoid
spatial

v-topology
v-sheaf
small v-sheaf

tilt
untilt

rational subset

Tate ring
Tate algebra
perfectoid ring
perfectoid algebra
perfectoid field

Banach-Colmez space

Rigid open unit disc is not rational subset (it's not even affinoid!)

It is perhaps more natural to require that a Huber ring is analytic instead of Tate
	Analytic means that the topologically nilpotent elements generate the unit ideal

How do we get a "good" theory of coherent sheaves on adic spaces?
	Vector bundles are apparently decently well behaved
	Kedlaya-Liu define a notion of pseudo-coherent sheaves

All analytic adic spaces over Z_p can be "accessed" in a certain precise sense using pro-etale descent from perfectoid spaces in char p

What do we mean by vanishing locus in the setting of adic spaces?
What do we mean by Cartier divisor for perfectoid spaces?
	We should still be looking at something that is locally principal, with generators corresponding to untilts basically because of Witt vector stuff...

Connection between Fargues-Fontaine curve and Lubin-Tate group
	Formal stuff given by power series rings (theorem of Tate)
	Take inverse limit over Frobenius for formal group (looking at some kind of universal cover)

Formal groups
	Can be recovered as group objects in formal schemes
	Connection to local class field theory
	Connection to deformation theory

Newton and Hodge polygons for F-crystals and F-isocrystals
	Eisenstein's criterion is a particularly simple consequence of working with Newton polygons

Hodge-Tate period map

Shilov boundary
Convergence Newton polygon
Behavior of p-adic (and other "nonarchimedean") differential equations

Lubin-Tate formal group comparison (key motivation...)
	Section II.2.1 (pg. 59/350)

Kottwitz map
Bernstein-Zelevinsky duality

What is the state of the art for an adelic variant of Arakelov geometry?
For now we will take an arithmetic variety to be a regular scheme projective and flat over Z
	We may relax these conditions later...
	Can we replace "projective" by "proper?"
	One consequence of these assumptions is that X/p is smooth for cofinitely many p
We want our Hermitian metrics to be invariant under the appropriate complex conjugation
	This makes sense from a usability perspective
We take algebraic cycles to be finite formal sums of closed irreducible subvarieties?
	Why do we want them to be closed?
	Why do we want them to be irreducible?
Arithmetic cycles include the data of algebraic cycles but we also need to choose Green currents

All zero cycles on Spec Z are rationally equivalent to 0
Arithmetic var. = quasi-proj. var. over arithmetic ring
Arithmetic ring = regular Noetherian excellent integral domain with distinguished set of complex embeddings (more on this later)

A dream: intersection theory with Z coefficients for arbitrary regular schemes
	Why is this only a dream right now and not a reality?
	In more detail, how do we deal with "non-proper" intersections?

Dreams:
	Arithmetic Chow groups with coefficients
	Analytic perspective at finite places
	Derived perspective at the infinite place