quasi-smooth
virtual dim
separated

algebraic stack
algebraic space
Deligne-Mumford stack
Artin stack
torsor
gerbe (general, smooth, residual, banded, etc.)
root stack

Characterizing derived schemes in terms of quasicoherence
For closed immersions, why do we only need to work with \pi_0?
What is the subtlety in understanding epimorphisms for \infty-categories?
Do both forms of the sheaf condition always work for a general \infty-category as target (is there any Yoneda funny business)?
Both approaches to presheaves and how the fibered approach to stacks is the same as the functor approach

Derived perspectives on Euler classes of vector bundles...
	Useful for DAC

Derived character variety
Derived "mapping scheme"
Derived Hilbert scheme

Cotangent complexes are always compatible with fiber products
Whitehead thm for derived schemes
Role of virtual fundamental classes in K-theory
Embeddable derived schemes

Basic geometry of Hilbert schemes
	Hilbert scheme of hypersurfaces and linear subspaces
	Hilbert scheme of points on a curve
	Hilbert scheme of points on a surface
	Twisted cubics
	Non-emptiness
	Connectedness
	Murphy's law
	Smoothness

Algebraic space - etale-locally affine
Deligne-Mumford stack - etale-locally affine (in terms of stacks)
Algebraic stack - smooth-locally affine (in terms of stacks)

Don't need \twid{B} in the (Lurie) definition of small/infinitesimal extension
	Really what matters are the sections s, since we can recover everything from this (better looks like classical setting)

o(f) is the obstruction class (for f flat morphism of classical guys)
	In the commutative square, both vertical maps are flat and both horizontal maps are square-zero

Ext^i(M,N) = \pi_0 Hom(M,N[i])

For the deformation theory story, we take the \pi_0 of the associated Mor in stacks (get pointed maps...)

This is all to get a derived geometric interpretation of the obstruction class

Should be able to formulate our morphism property more intrinsically, using cotangent complex

Beware that there are different standards for "measuring" amplitude
	[-1,0] and [0,1] could mean the same thing but in different contexts

VCD has modified universal property from the classical case
	Looking at all maps instead of just ones arising from effective Cartier divisors

What is the "meaning" of the second condition in the definition of VCD?
	Shift by -1 should be related to conormal sheaf
	Maybe Koszul duality...

Intrinsic normal cone
	https://arxiv.org/abs/alg-geom/9601010
	Behrend and Fantechi give an older construction that might be compatible...

I should point out one reason we might care about derived deformations over classical ones
	Rigidity of abelian schemes not seen if we look at the broader setting of extensions
	Flesh out the details here...
	Connection to Lie algebras, mathematical physics, etc.

What is the geometric understanding of the Weil restriction?

BG_{m,X} classifies line bundles on X with a section
[A_X^1/G_{m,X}] classifies... line bundles with a section (maybe not...)

Infinity-stacks and group actions
Reference for Koszul duality
Barr-Beck?
Presheaves over presheaves vs. presheaves over the category of elements
Skim papers of Ben-Zvi and Nadler
Notes from Ken (thoughts on presheaves)
Email from Sam (\infty-category theory notes)
Grothendieck-Segal conditions for simplicial set to be same as a nerve
"Derived category of schemes"

What does it mean to say that a nilpotent thickening is split?
We know that deformations should be classified by Ext^1 and obstructions should be classified by Ext^2
What does this have to do with connections?
Derivations should satisfy some kind of descent

Schemes sit somewhere between 0-Artin and 1-Artin stacks, being considerably more general than the former and considerably less so than the latter

Conditions we can put on a prestack:
	Compact generation
	Dualizability
	Rigidity

One nice consequence of our approach will be an intuitive description of G-equivariant sheaves over an arbitrary prestack

\leq 0: connective
\geq 0: coconnective
eventually connective = bounded above
eventually coconnective = bounded below

The Lurie tensor product of Mod_A and Mod_B should be Mod_{A\tensor B}

We cannot define \infty-categorical functors by specifying what they do on objects and morphisms, so we must make use of un/straightening or some other technique/process

Derived analytic geometry (should come in archimedean and non-archimedean flavors, potentially quite different from each other)

Morava K-theories are in some precise sense supposed to function as the points of the hypothetical Spec(S) (for S the sphere spectrum)

One of the miracles of "higher" K-theory is that the only real obstruction comes from K_0 itself!

What is the Ben-Zvi-Nadler approach to QCoh?
	Again with the adjoint functor theorem

Quot and Hilbert schemes in the most intuitive manner possible
Presentability and other properties of the category of spaces

Provide lots of examples
Schedule (conceptual outline)
Guidelines

Prestability
Inertia stack

Loop spaces and connections

Nonabelian derived category
HTT 5.5.8

Just to nitpick, the "animation" of a category C, in the sense advocated by Clausen et. al., 
is not quite just taking P_Sigma(C).  Rather it's defined for "algebraic categories" C (in the sense of Lawvere).  
So for example you want to animate something like the category of sets or abelian groups, and get P_Sigma(Fin) or P_Sigma(FAb), 
respectively (finite sets and finite abelian groups).

I don't know whether it is considered arithmetic geometry, 
but the following seems to be a consequence of Pontryagin duality: 
any cofiltered diagram of finite abelian groups has trivial higher derived limits.

What's the basic idea behind Artin and Deligne-Mumford stacks?
How do we describe schemes in a purely functorial way?

Blog post from Akhil
Stacks Project blog post
Morita equivalence

Stuff:
	Categories of modules
	Fpqc descent
	LFP morphisms and open embeddings/immersions
	Zariski covers
	Derived schemes
	QCoh
	Fpqc descent for QCoh
	Qcqs morphisms and qcqs base change
	Compact and perfect objects (affine and non-affine cases)
	Compact generation of QCoh
	Cotangent complex
	Derived Deligne-Mumford and Artin stacks

Review Keerthi comments
	"Correct" (morally) definition of Dold-Kan map (essential surjectivity comes from idempotent completeness)
	Details for aspects of Koszul duality (symmetric, exterior, and divided power algebras; shifts and duals)
	Correct definition of K_0^Y(X)
	"Homotopy invariance" of G_0 with respect to A^1 (as described by Leon; I need more info on this...)
	Pseudo-coherent complexes (Is this at all related to Kiran's notion?)
	Recovering Serre's Tor intersection formula

Adeel Khan offered to give input

Forms of descent:
	Zariksi
	Fppf
	Fpqc
	Etale
	Nisnevich
	v
	Arc

Complete
Cocomplete
Sifted colimit
Filtered colimit
Geometric realization

Why is general deformation theory "nice?"
	Deformation to the normal cone
	Diagonal for smooth varieties is lci
Gillet-Soule approach over Z
	Use K-theory
	Alterations can be brought in to streamline things (and maybe provide conceptual insight?)

The name for "blowing up" comes from the geometric idea of "zooming in"

Blowups provide a universal way to turn subvarieties into Cartier divisors
	Cartier divisors
	Projective families
	Resolution of singularities
	Strict transform
	Total transform
	Exceptional divisor
	Deformation to the normal cone

Do the classic DAG example of an exceptional divisor with self-intersection -1
	DAG explains how we could get a negative number

Does DAG give us a better way to view the various forms of equivalence used in AG?

The intuitive idea is to introduce potentially missing "directions" that help account for the singularities of the underlying scheme
	We want to replace a troublesome point by something like the projectivized tangent cone at that point
	How can we see this from the functor-of-points?